or two
yeah
safety of its own accord is fine okay
I also feel like I don't I think that's
it Oh
same thing pretty much
okay
and they're going to do another shorter
one it seems
yeah down to the very bottom and we'll
take that little tiny one there
at the very very and you'll take sake
right here
yeah China over there
the other bigger one background mr. go
food again
and we go on
- I know this one
you don't want to do like that same
thing on the years
right here sure
yes
nobody there
in the face
if you're really getting here yeah
that's why that's like the first part
that always grows out in with shaggy
you can just got a you know
yeah
try that one you have today
so what's new with you yeah
deeming conversation
oh no they usually start until I've you
know been there a couple of times and
just like
this I think concentration will be is
key this is a matter
yeah they brushed it off and then
there's a tiny little one the top uh
we're getting there getting there yeah
and then remember how you didn't go all
the way up try not to cut it too cuz
they will take the razor card off and
I'll just use the Clipper to see I'll
turn on like disabled
then I'll cut it gently yeah for me
so now I'm just a mediator where I mean
things
yeah pretty much just like yeah very
good because it's your blending right
so at the very bottom like push hard and
then as you move up lessen the pressure
well I know what it feels like that's
what it feels like when they do it at
the city when I'll be in to do big money
here yeah I know
I've got buckets in here I got dozens of
dollars
all right now
I have some concern about I telling you
to do that up around my ears but I I
don't know yeah
this mark is army as yeah so pull my
gear down get up in there
do not laugh whoa
right there's hair everywhere else
that's fine
just remember to do the other side
okay okay
okay catching bugs but yeah natural salt
oh I've got deer pattern baldness
these are the ears okay okay okay okay
Choki in the back there